---

layout:  post
title:  Space Marine Diary - Day 1
category:  Lore

---

**Solar calendar 27352, entry 5256:* I am hungry, pls gibe food.

**Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5257:* CJ played some Touhou, happy.

**Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5258:* Sage found food and ate it. It was delicious

**Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5259:* Oni appeared, people rejoiced.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5230:* Itchy…  Tasty…

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5231:* The commander is nowhere to be found, we are already late to start the space travel.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5232:* I don’t think we are gonna be able to start the trip, everyone is taking vodka shots.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5233:* Same song played twice in a row. I sense unrest amidst the ranks.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5234:* Sage trying to be wise, it’s not working…

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5235:* NR is a hippopotamus or a turtle.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5236:* Prowler got yet another platinum trophy. Such a hacker.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5237:* We got a distress call, followed by a teletransportation in the FTL Jump room… It’s Havoc! Much tears.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5238:* Havoc was being used as slave in a technocratic bureau. He manage to escape but just for a while. If they find he is missing, they will come for him … and for us.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5239:* EGSA-tan needs an update, engineer Keith is on a meeting discussing the possible changes.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5240:* Accusations of a NSA informant are rampant. Everybody is on edge. I fear that matters may get out of hand.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5241:* NR went into a mission to the district “New York”. Apparently has some issues in the Nintendo Store.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5242:* Fray finally reported to the station after a long time. So sexy, and he brought the sporks.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5243:* Hueternet hasn’t failed CJ today as for now. This is suspicious. We might have a impersonator aboard.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5244:* I stand corrected, it’s the real CJ, he qualified something as “lewd”.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5245:* Fray left. The BC feels empty once again.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5248:* Stormtrooper Commander, King gave an inspiring speech to lift the troops flagging morale. “Do not see what is, but what is not.” There were many tears shed before the end of that speech.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5249:* The troops, misunderstanding King’s speech, have begun blinding themselves with sharp sticks so that they “Do not see.”

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5250:* Phaust made cake. Good for the troop moral.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5251:* GS is failing us once more. Sage is attempting  reanimation techniques. Troop uses F5, it’s ineffective. Hueternet is sure to be blamed.

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5252:* GL has found funny stuff on the “Internet”. Lies… Only pr0n lives there…

*Solar Calendar 27352, entry 5253:* Vagrant is struggling to finish his last article before the deadline of tomorrow. He is attempting diversionary tactics of watching the British GP he missed last weekend being in work…..REALLY CBA! 