---

layout:  post
title:  Space Marine Diary - Day 2
category:  Lore

---

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6062:* CJ is wooed by new SmashBros… Again…. Much hype…

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6063:* Fray is so sexy… Can’t take it anymore… T_T

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6064:* No trooper is drunk today. We might have a good day ahead of us.

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6065:* Fray scared a newcomer away… He must drink a virgin Cuba libre.

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6066:* ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ BLOG HYPE ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6067:* Keith’s timezone is right. Noted.

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6068:* Mouser left after Zephyr, they must be planning something.

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6069:* The Commander left earlier today without a word… in a hurry? … an accident? … we will not know until the next time we see her.

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6070:* The main room is too quiet, everyone is busy this morning.

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6071:* Zephyr, Mouser and Arashi leaving right after the other. Illuminati confirmed.

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6072:* Fray, with the help of Sage, showed everyone mathematically that girls were equal to evil.  Stay away from girls… you’ve been warned! EGSA’s girls seem like another breed, they are ok.

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6073. Keith’s has a really nice beard. Makes me want to  pet it!

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6074:* There seem to be an aura today around Fray that scare away all the new person entering the spaceship.  This needs to be investigated…

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6075:* Phaust was sending porn links in the communication channel. Something must be wrong with him … was sent to a cell for security reasons.

*Solar Calendar 27372, entry 6076:* For some unknown reasons, Aaron chose to commit suicide….  Fray won’t ever start playing DOTA 2…