---

layout:  post
title:  Space Marine Diary - Day 4
category:  Lore

---

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9156:*  A riot almost starts today. I blame Prowler.

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9157:*  In an official assembly, it was determined that Deku was trolling.

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9158:* Aaron came in the room late again.

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9159:* In a heavy interrogation yesterday, EGSA-tan confessed her hate for Heiko.

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9160:* Frayhen and Aaron are preparing a mission to beat an important threat in Hearthstone. They always work together, the bro-love is intense.

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9161:* The mothership nearly crashed but thanks to CJ’s trusty pitchforks, we live to see another day.

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9162:* CJ is heartbroken. He thinks the commander hates him.

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9163:*  Frayhen was seen taking a bath of nutella.  so sexy, very chocolatey…  also, he was listening to Babymetal - GIMME CHOCOLATE!!!...

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9164:* MOOOOOOOOOooooooo

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9165:* Frayhen is totally not threatening GL terraria world.  In fact, Fray is the good guy trying to warn him about a real dynamite threat that COULD happen…please.
 
*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9166:* Fray thinks he’s not the new guy anymore…. How naïve….

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9167:* Fray confirmed his membership in being with both the French and Poutine Mafias

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9168:* The crew’s tired lately, they are more active in the blog than on the ship itself.

*Solar Calendar 27758, entry 9169:* There have been lots of RIOT and PANIC today.  CJ is happy, lots of pitchfork action.
